Update the workaroud of retaining sb file (#508)
harvester/docs: docs/troubleshooting/harvester.md

- Enter a useful description for the support bundle and click `Create` to generate and download a support bundle.
    ![](/img/v1.2/troubleshooting/harvester-sb-support-modal.png)

> ### Retain Support Bundle File and Download Manually
> 
> By default the support bundle file is generated, downloaded and deleted automatically after users click the `Create` button.
> 
> There are also scenarios that users want to keep the support bundle files for some time or re-download the interrupted downloading.
> 
> - Users fail to download the support bundle file due to the slow network performance, network disruption or other reasons, they want to re-download the support-file. Even though the support bundle file remains in the cluster, the Harvester WebUI does not have a place to download the file.
> 
> - It takes a long time to generate the support bundle file, users want to reuse a previous support bundle file for quick troubleshotting.
> 
> 
> The workaround is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manually Download and Retain a Support Bundle File

By default, the support bundle file is automatically generated, downloaded, and deleted after you click **Create** on the Harvester UI. However, you may want to retain the file for various reasons, including the following:

- You are unable to download the file because of network connectivity errors and other issues.
- You must use a previously generated file to troubleshoot issues (because generating a support bundle file takes time).

Even if the file remains in the cluster, the Harvester UI does not provide a download link. Use the following workaround to generate, manually download, and retain a support bundle file:
```

1. Break the automatic downloading.

- Click `Generate Support Bundle` from Harvester WebUI.

- When the progress is about 20%, close the web page.

- Check support bundle status from kubectl.

```

> # kubectl get supportbundle -A -oyaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# kubectl get supportbundle -A -o yaml
```

Author: both `-oyaml` and `-o yaml` work, kubectl supports many such convenient operatons

> 1. Break the automatic downloading.
> 
> - Click `Generate Support Bundle` from Harvester WebUI.
> 
> - When the progress is about 20%, close the web page.
> 
> - Check support bundle status from kubectl.
> 
> ```
> # kubectl get supportbundle -A -oyaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate the file and prevent automatic downloading.

  1. On the Harvester UI, click **Generate Support Bundle**.

  1. When the progress indicator reaches 20%, close the browser tab to prevent automatic downloading of the generated file.

  1. Retrieve a list of all support bundles in all namespaces using kubectl.

  # kubectl get supportbundle -A
  NAMESPACE          NAME           ISSUE_URL   DESCRIPTION   AGE
  harvester-system   bundle-htl5f               sp1           3h43m

  1. Identify the resource name of the file that you want to download and then check its status.
```

Reviewer: Please add backticks to the code block.

apiVersion: v1
items:
- apiVersion: harvesterhci.io/v1beta1
  kind: SupportBundle
  metadata:
    creationTimestamp: "2024-02-02T11:18:09Z"
    generation: 5
    name: bundle-htl5f
    namespace: harvester-system
    resourceVersion: "1218311"
    uid: a3776373-05fe-4584-8a9a-baac3fa91bbf
  spec:
    description: sp1
    issueURL: ""
  status:
    conditions:
    - lastUpdateTime: "2024-02-02T11:18:38Z"
      status: "True"
      type: Initialized
    filename: supportbundle_db25ccb6-b52a-4f9d-97dd-db2df2b004d4_2024-02-02T11-18-10Z.zip
    filesize: 8868712
    progress: 100
    state: ready
```

> When a supportbundle object has status `progress: 100`, the support bundle file is ready to be downloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file is ready for downloading when the value of `progress` is "100" and the value of `state` is "ready".
```

> 2. Download and retain the support bundle file.
> 
> - Download from curl or wget
> 
> You need to manually construct the URL with `?retain=true` param to retain the support bundle file after downloading.
> 
> ```
> curl -k https://192.168.122.199/v1/harvester/supportbundles/bundle-htl5f/download?retain=true -o sb2.zip
> ```
> 
> Check the supportbundle object, it is kept for reusing.
> 
> ```
> # kubectl get supportbundle -A
> NAMESPACE          NAME           ISSUE_URL   DESCRIPTION   AGE
> harvester-system   bundle-htl5f               sp1           3h43m
> ```
> 
> - Download from web browser
> 
> Manually input the URL `https://192.168.122.199/v1/harvester/supportbundles/bundle-htl5f/download?retain=true` into the web browser.
> 
> When `?retain=true` param is not added, downloading the support bundle file will lead to the deletion of related resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the file.

  1. Create the download URL.

  Example:
  `https://192.168.122.199/v1/harvester/supportbundles/bundle-htl5f/download?retain=true`

  :::note

  You must include the following information:
  - Resource name of the file 
  - Parameter `?retain=true`: If you do not include this parameter, resources related to the support bundle are deleted after the file is downloaded.
  
  :::

  1. Download the file using either command-line tools (curl or wget) or a web browser.

  Example:
  curl -k https://192.168.122.199/v1/harvester/supportbundles/bundle-htl5f/download?retain=true -o sb2.zip

  1. Verify that resources related to the support bundle were not deleted.

  Example:
  # kubectl get supportbundle -A
  NAMESPACE          NAME           ISSUE_URL   DESCRIPTION   AGE
  harvester-system   bundle-htl5f               sp1           3h43m
```

Reviewer: Please add backticks to the code block.

Reviewer: >   1. Create a download URL that includes the following information:
>  
>   - IP address of ???
>   - Resource name of the file
>   - Parameter `?retain=true`: If you do not include this parameter, resources related to the support bundle are deleted after the file is downloaded.
>
>    Example:
>    `https://{ip-address}/v1/harvester/supportbundles/bundle-htl5f/download?retain=true`

@w13915984028 I modified this step to address @Martin-Weiss comment about using a placeholder for the IP address. Please complete the description so that users know which IP address to include.

3. Delete resources.

Retaining the support bundle files will consume more resources. Each support bundle file is backed by a `supportbundle-manager-bundle*` pod in the `harvester-system` namespace. And the generated support-bundle zip file is kept in `/tmp` folder of the pod. A big support bundle file means the pod uses more memory resources.

```
NAME                                                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS       AGE
supportbundle-manager-bundle-dtl2k-69dcc69b59-w64vl     1/1     Running   0              8m18s
```
- Delete Manually

You can delete the supportbundle object with the following command.

```
# kubectl delete supportbundle -n harvester-system bundle-htl5f
supportbundle.harvesterhci.io "bundle-htl5f" deleted

# kubectl get supportbundle -A
No resources found

```

When a supportbundle object is deleted, the backed pod is deleted automatically.

- Delete Automatically

Harvester deletes the related resources silently based on the settings below.

[support-bundle-expiration](../advanced/index#support-bundle-expiration)

> [support-bundle-timeout](../advanced/index#support-bundle-timeout)

Reviewer 2: As I know, `support-bundle-timeout` is not related to deletion. It's the way to check support bundle manager timeout, but not actually delete it. It just stops the process.

BTW, I also wrote some [explanation here](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/4922#issuecomment-1920400493).

Author: sure, the `expiration` is the right one.  put them two here, is to give user more information.

> [support-bundle-timeout](../advanced/index#support-bundle-timeout)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. (Optional) Delete the related resources.

Retained support bundle files consume memory and storage resources. Each file is backed by a `supportbundle-manager-bundle*` pod in the `harvester-system` namespace, and the generated ZIP file is stored in the `/tmp` folder of the pod.

Example:
NAME                                                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS       AGE
supportbundle-manager-bundle-dtl2k-69dcc69b59-w64vl     1/1     Running   0              8m18s

You can delete related resources using the following methods:

- Manual: Run the command `kubectl delete supportbundle -n {namespace} {resource-name}`. Deleting a support bundle object automatically deletes the pod that backs it.

Example:
# kubectl delete supportbundle -n harvester-system bundle-htl5f
supportbundle.harvesterhci.io "bundle-htl5f" deleted
# kubectl get supportbundle -A
No resources found

- Automatic: Harvester deletes the related resources based on how the following settings are configured:

  - [support-bundle-expiration](../advanced/index#support-bundle-expiration)
  - [support-bundle-timeout](../advanced/index#support-bundle-timeout)

Reviewer: Please add backticks to the code block.

> For more details, please refer to [Harvester issue 3383](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/3383).
> 
> ### Manually Copy the Support Bundle File
> 
> You can use `kubectl cp` to copy the generated support bundle file from the backing pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Issue 3383](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/3383).

### Manually Copy the Support Bundle File

You can run the command `kubectl cp` to copy the generated file from the backing pod.

Example:
```

      kind: SupportBundle
      metadata:
        creationTimestamp: "2024-02-02T11:18:09Z"
        generation: 5
        name: bundle-htl5f  // resource name
        namespace: harvester-system
        resourceVersion: "1218311"
        uid: a3776373-05fe-4584-8a9a-baac3fa91bbf
      spec:
        description: sp1
        issueURL: ""
      status:
        conditions:
        - lastUpdateTime: "2024-02-02T11:18:38Z"
          status: "True"
          type: Initialized
        filename: supportbundle_db25ccb6-b52a-4f9d-97dd-db2df2b004d4_2024-02-02T11-18-10Z.zip  // support bundle file name
        filesize: 8868712
        progress: 100  // 100 means successfully generated
        state: ready
    ```

The file is ready for downloading when the value of `progress` is "100" and the value of `state` is "ready".

#### Download the File

1. Create a download URL that includes the following information:

    - VIP or DNS name
    - Resource name of the file
    - Parameter `?retain=true`: If you do not include this parameter, resources related to the support bundle are automatically deleted after the file is successfully downloaded.

    Example:

>     `https://{vip/dns-name}/v1/harvester/supportbundles/bundle-htl5f/download?retain=true`

Reviewer 2: Just one question, should we add a notice to tell users this vip/dns-name is harvester dashboard ip/dns-name?

Author: L133 is updated as `[VIP](../install/management-address.md)`

    ```

You can delete the related resources using the following methods:

- Manual: Run the command `kubectl delete supportbundle -n {namespace} {resource-name}`. Deleting a support bundle object automatically deletes the pod that backs it.

    Example:

    ```
    $ kubectl delete supportbundle -n harvester-system bundle-htl5f
    supportbundle.harvesterhci.io "bundle-htl5f" deleted

    $ kubectl get supportbundle -A
    No resources found
    ```
- Automatic: Harvester deletes the related resources based on how the following settings are configured:

    - [support-bundle-expiration](../advanced/index#support-bundle-expiration): Defines the time allowed for retaining a support bundle file

    - [support-bundle-timeout](../advanced/index#support-bundle-timeout): Defines the time allowed for generating a support bundle file

### Manually Copy the Support Bundle File

You can run the command `kubectl cp` to copy the generated file from the backing pod.

Example:

```
kubectl cp harvester-system/supportbundle-manager-bundle-dtl2k-69dcc69b59-w64vl:/tmp/support-bundle-kit/supportbundle_db25ccb6-b52a-4f9d-97dd-db2df2b004d4_2024-02-02T11-18-10Z.zip bundle.zip
```

> #### Known Limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Known Limitations
```

Reviewer: This should be an H3 because it is not part of the procedure.

            rancher/supportbundle: bundle-yr2vq
          name: supportbundle-manager-bundle-yr2vq-c5484fbdf-9pz8d
          namespace: harvester-system

          containerStatuses:
          - containerID: containerd://ea82b63875c18a2b5b36afea6a47a99a5efd26464f94d401cde1727d175ef740
            ...
            name: manager
            ready: true
            restartCount: 1
            started: true
            state:
              running:
                startedAt: "2024-02-06T11:05:33Z" // pod's latest starting timestamp, newer than the timestamp in support bundle's file name
        ```

    1. The backing pod regenerates the file after it starts.

        The name of the regenerated file is different from the file name recorded in the support bundle object.

        ```
        $ kubectl exec -i -t -n harvester-system supportbundle-manager-bundle-yr2vq-c5484fbdf-9pz8d -- ls /tmp/support-bundle-kit -alth
        total 2.2M
        drwxr-xr-x 3 root root 4.0K Feb  6 11:05 .
        -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 2.2M Feb  6 11:05 supportbundle_db25ccb6-b52a-4f9d-97dd-db2df2b004d4_2024-02-06T11-05-34Z.zip // different with above file name
        ```

>     1. Attempts to download the regenerated file fail..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Attempts to download the regenerated file fail.
```

    Example:

    ```
    NAME                                                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS       AGE
    supportbundle-manager-bundle-dtl2k-69dcc69b59-w64vl     1/1     Running   0              8m18s
    ```

You can delete the related resources using the following methods:

- Manual: Run the command `kubectl delete supportbundle -n {namespace} {resource-name}`. Deleting a support bundle object automatically deletes the pod that backs it.

    Example:

    ```
    $ kubectl delete supportbundle -n harvester-system bundle-htl5f
    supportbundle.harvesterhci.io "bundle-htl5f" deleted

    $ kubectl get supportbundle -A
    No resources found
    ```
- Automatic: Harvester deletes the related resources based on how the following settings are configured:

    - [support-bundle-expiration](../advanced/index#support-bundle-expiration), which removes the supportbundle object after set time.

    - [support-bundle-timeout](../advanced/index#support-bundle-timeout), which monitors the duration of generating a support bundle file.

> #### Known Limitations

Reviewer 2: I think H3 is better as well.
